Added private rule documentation (#256)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/writing-rules/private-rules.md

> ---

Reviewer: What do you think about placing this file inside the `docs/semgrep-app` folder? I see the argument for both, though I lean more towards placing it with other app-specific items.

> append_help_link: true

Reviewer: We don’t use this in the frontmatter anymore. (Sorry, the docs about the docs should be updated to reflect this.)

Instead, use `import MoreHelp from "/src/components/MoreHelp"` at the top of the document and then call it with `<MoreHelp />` at the bottom of the document. See the `pattern-examples.md` doc as an example.

slug: private-rules
description: "Users in the Team and Enterprise tier for Semgrep App can publish rules to the Semgrep Registry that are not visible to others outside their organization. This can be useful for organizations where rules may contain code-sensitive information or legal requirements prevent using a public registry."
---

# Private rules

Users in the [Team and Enterprise tier](https://semgrep.dev/pricing) for Semgrep App can publish rules to the Semgrep Registry that are not visible to others outside their organization. This can be useful for organizations where rules may contain code-sensitive information or legal requirements prevent using a public registry.

> As we continue to develop and refine this feature, we welcome and appreciate all feedback via email at product@returntocorp.com or in our [Community Slack](https://r2c.dev/slack).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As we continue to develop and refine this feature, we welcome and appreciate all feedback via email at [product@r2c.dev](mailto:product@r2c.dev) or in our [Community Slack](https://r2c.dev/slack).
```

> ## Getting Started

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Getting started
```

> [View instructions](https://github.com/returntocorp/semgrep/tree/develop/upload) on how to beging uploading your private rules.

Reviewer: I suggest putting the content in that `upload` file directly in the docs, that way it’s searchable and discoverable along with the rest of the docs.
